This readme serves as a guide to users of this refactored AFL version.Refactoring logs## 08/15afl-fuzz.cline 139: max_count_mode    determines whether to enter max_count_modeline 158: perf_bits -> max_bits    stores a new bitmapline 160: max_counts    records the bits we haven't seen in max_count_modeline 262: max_count_cksum    record the checksum of the max counts traceon max_bits    The main feature of AFL is to use the instrumentation feedback from the target binary to assist to the generation of mutated inputs. Specifically, the instrumented target records the branch information during execution, which is later used by the fuzzer to determine the system flow and code coverage.   	To achieve this feature, AFL passes the shared_mem[] array (a shared memory) to the instrumented binary to capture the branch coverage. Then, the fuzzer uses the trace_bits variable to record the shared memory addresses. In this trace map, every byte set in the map can be thought of as a hit for a particular tuple (branch_src, branch_dst) found in the instrumented code.   	ref1.1   	The implementation of this feature first starts in the setup_shm() function. We initialize trace_bits in the fuzzer with:```trace_bits = shmat(shm_id, NULL, 0);```	 	new1.1 	Similarly, we initialize max_bits in the fuzzer.```if (max_count_mode) max_bits = (u32 *) (max_bits + MAP_SIZE)``` 	ref1.2 	After each target execution, the fuzzer clears up the trace_bits variable in the run_target function.```memset(trace_bits, 0, MAP_SIZE); ``` 	new1.2 	Similarly, we reset max_bits.```if (max_count_mode) memset(max_bits, 0, MAX_SIZE * sizeof(u32));``` 	ref1.3 	AFL uses the calibrate_case function to verify whether a test case contain problems early on. While doing so, it also checks with cksum (checksum) whether the mutated inputs has introdcued new execution paths.``` u32 cksum = hash32(trace_bits, MAP_SIZE, HASH_CONST);``` 	new 1.3 	In our case, we want to perform the similar checksum whenever cksum is true, therefore, we can set our max_count_cksum variable in the else branch.```if (max_count_mode)	q->max_count_cksum = hash32(max_bits, MAX_SIZE*sizeof(u32), HASH_CONST);```line 2869...config.hdefine PERF_SIZE->MAX_SIZE